chore: Fix release job by doing all builds in step 1 and only download and publish in subsequent steps (#448)
mongodb/awscdk-resources-mongodbatlas: RELEASING.md

## Stable release

> Stable releases are managed by the [Release GitHub Action](https://github.com/mongodb/awscdk-resources-mongodbatlas/actions/workflows/release.yml). You can release a new CDK version by manually trigger the action ([REMEMBER Manual Steps Below](#manual-steps)).

Reviewer: is this `REMEMBER` correct?

Author: Thanks changed in b91c5b8f918e7f90cc5dae3dfcb03d57596e3a0f

> Stable releases are managed by the [Release GitHub Action](https://github.com/mongodb/awscdk-resources-mongodbatlas/actions/workflows/release.yml). You can release a new CDK version by manually trigger the action ([REMEMBER Manual Steps Below](#manual-steps)).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Stable releases are managed by the [Release GitHub Action](https://github.com/mongodb/awscdk-resources-mongodbatlas/actions/workflows/release.yml). You can release a new CDK version by manually trigger the action ([*MAKE SURE TO FOLLO MANUAL STEPS BELOW*](#manual-steps)).
```

> Stable releases are managed by the [Release GitHub Action](https://github.com/mongodb/awscdk-resources-mongodbatlas/actions/workflows/release.yml). You can release a new CDK version by manually trigger the action ([REMEMBER Manual Steps Below](#manual-steps)).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Stable releases are managed by the [Release GitHub Action](https://github.com/mongodb/awscdk-resources-mongodbatlas/actions/workflows/release.yml). You can release a new CDK version by manually triggering the action ([REMEMBER Manual Steps Below](#manual-steps)).
```

Author: Thanks changed in b91c5b8f918e7f90cc5dae3dfcb03d57596e3a0f

![Screenshot 2023-04-20 at 10 35 11](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5663078/233325734-0f469045-f91b-436c-8dd5-19d1e8f24c57.png)

### Manual Steps
After the action finishes successfully you have to manually release the Go package:
- Go to the [Go repo](https://github.com/mongodb/awscdk-resources-mongodbatlas-go) and check that the latest commit happened now with the same release as in this repo, e.g. `chore(release): v3.0.0`.
- Go to the [Go Repo release page](https://github.com/mongodb/awscdk-resources-mongodbatlas-go/releases).
- Select the latest release that has to be the same as the one in this repo, e.g. `awscdkresourcemongodbatlas/v3.0.0`, name will be like `v3.0.0`, click "Generate release notes" and make sure "Set as latest release" is checked.

Also, to ensure no silent errors, look for the specific `vX.Y.Z` language releases:
- [Javascript](https://www.npmjs.com/package/awscdk-resources-mongodbatlas?activeTab=versions)
- [Java](https://central.sonatype.com/artifact/org.mongodb/awscdk-resources-mongodbatlas/versions)
- [Python](https://pypi.org/project/awscdk-resources-mongodbatlas/#history)

> - [Golang](https://github.com/mongodb/awscdk-resources-mongodbatlas-go/releases)

Reviewer: nit: should we mention to look for Go release once the Go manual steps have been done?

Author: Thanks changed in b91c5b8f918e7f90cc5dae3dfcb03d57596e3a0f
